"Did you hear that? They've shut down the main reactor. We'll be destroyed for sure. This is madness!"
"We're doomed!"
"I am C-3PO, human-cyborg relations. And this is my counterpart, R2-D2."
"Thank the maker!"
"I've just about had enough of you. Go that way. You'll be malfunctioning within a day, you nearsighted scrap pile."
"Hello, Sir."
"Sir, my first job was programming binary load lifters; very similar to your vaporators in most repects."
"All of this excitement has overrun the circuits in my counterpart. If you don't mind, I'd like to take him down to maintenance."
"I'm afraid she is scheduled to be terminated."
"I am fluent in over six million forms of communication."
"Oh no, I must have taken a bad step. Leave me behind, Sir. There's no sense in you risking yourself on my account. I'm done for."
"Help! I think I'm melting. This is all your fault."
"Excuse me Sir, might I inquire as to what's going on?"
"How typical."
"It's possible that this asteroid is not entirely stable."
"Sometimes I just don't understand human behavior. After all, I'm only trying to do my duty."
"R2, why did you have to be so brave?"
"I don't know where your ship learned to communicate, but it has the most peculiar dialect."
"Captain Solo, this time you have gone too far!"
"Oh, they've encased him in carbonite. He should be quite well protected. If he survived the freezing process, that is."
"Sir, the odds of successfully navigating an asteroid field are approximately 3,720 to 1."
"Well hello there! It's nice to see a familiar face."
"How rude!"
"Who told you that the Millenium Falcon's hyperdrive has been deactivated? The City Central Computer told you? R2-D2, you know better than to trust a strange computer."
"Oh, no! I've been shot!"
"I really don't see how that is going to help."
"Oh, my. I've forgotten how much I hate space travel."
"He says the scouts are going to show us the quickest way to the shield generator."
"Greetings victims of the almighty Sarlaac. His excellency hopes that you shall die honorably. But if any of you wish to beg for mercy, the illustrious Jabba will now listen to your pleas."
"I do believe they think I am some sort of god."
"Hello, I am C-3PO, human-cyborg relations."
"How might I serve you?"
"Oh, my maker! I fear the senator is in grave danger."
"I’m programmed to understand humans."
"This is such a drag."
"I feel so helpless."
"Oh no!"
"Hello, I am C-3PO, human-cyborg relations."
"You probably don't recognize me because of the red arm."
"General, I've got to get out of here."
"Taking one last look, sir, at my friends."
"He made a fair move. Screaming about it can’t help you."
"If any of my circuits or gears will help, I’ll gladly donate them."
